Feature: Add team update step (#93)
chingu-voyages/Handbook: docs/guides/voyage/voyage.md

  ^ These are read only templates.
    
  ---
  #### 3. Add your info to the team list in your README.md 👓

  **Objective**
  
  Your team repo is a public repo and any GitHub user has read-only access to
  it. However, only members of your team have been granted update access to it.

  It's important that every member of the team verify they have update access
  to their teams repo. This includes Product Owners, Scrum Masters, UI/UX 
  Designers, Developers, and Data Scientists on the team.

  **How**

  ![Our Team topic in Team Repo](./assets/Team_Repo_Our_Team.png)

  We populate your team repo with a template which includes a section titled
  "Our Team". Before the end of Sprint 1 every team member should update this
  section with their infomation.

>   This documents not only who is on the team, but it is also a quick and easy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This document not only shows who is on the team, but it is also a quick and easy
```
